[RAY]
U‐Uh...
[gasping]
This moment must
be immortalized!
[NEMESIS gasps] She captured
your essence perfectly!
[MARIE] I have to know where
you get those magnificent ears.
A quest? A shop?
From a penguin.
No, an evil penguin.
Well, one thing's obvious‐‐
that bird has style.
I was planning on visiting
Alejandro's store later today.
Guess that's not happening.
Don't let it get into your head,
but in all seriousness‐‐
you're not gonna stand out.
It's not the least bit unusual
for Masters to grow animal ears.
Look what the wind blew in!
I'm so glad you decided to pay
us a visit! Welcome, Ray!
Hey, Alejandro. What a store!
[RAY]
I guess Marie was right.
There was no point
being self‐conscious.
I just hope I don't run
into Rook and Babylon.
[BABYLON]
Cute headband!
Morning Ray! Hey, Nemesis!
Weird running into you here!
[RAY] These stupid ears
must be cursed.
Maybe the Miasmaflame Bracers
had some kind of
hex put on them.
I must know, where did you
get those beautiful ears?
Penguins, potions, yadda
yadda, you know the rest.
That's hardly an explanation.
[ROOK] I understand, you were
approached by a mysterious
stranger who tricked you
into drinking an elixir.
[BOTH]
How'd you figure that out?
[RAY] Maybe he's psychic
or something?
Just your basic mindreading.
It's really simple once
you get the hang of it.
[NEMESIS] Basic? Simple?
Crush my ego why dontcha?
By the way, Rook, that's
a snazzy looking coat.
I'm into it.
Thanks! I've really taken
a liking to Liz, too.
Did it just move?
This one's calling to me!
[RAY] After seeing Rook's coat,
I decided to get one of my own
You don't have any independent
thoughts in your head, do you?
Jeez, could you not read
my mind all the time? Huh?
[CROWD murmuring]
[NEMESIS]
What're they in line for?
[RAY]
A gacha machine.
This looks like a perfect spot.
[NEMESIS] Too bad is doesn't
come with 200,000 lir.
[RAY growls]
Then you woulda broke even.
That's the second time you've
spent 100,000 on gacha.
And the first was at the Tomb
Labyrinth for that worthless‐‐
Don't remind me! You're
giving me flashbacks!
Rook struck big. Some people
have all the luck.
[RAY]
Loads of capsules in that thing
and he wins special UBM armor.
What if... I'm cursed?
[RAY] The staff said they've
never even seen
an X‐rank capsule!
[RAY grunts]
[RAY]
Whoa!
Zephyrus Silver.
Looks like it's a type
of riding equipment.
[NEMESIS] It won't do you
much good from down here.
[RAY]
Hup!
Wow!
Try not to fall off!
Duh! Hi‐ho, Silver!
[RAY grunts]
[NEMESIS]
Boop, boop.
[RAY]
I'm still alive.
Good thing the ground
broke your fall.
‐‐Boop. Boop. Boop.
‐‐[RAY] Stop that!
Seeing as your job is a
Paladin, I would figure that
riding a horse would be
second nature to you.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
But I don't have the
ability to ride yet.
I don't understand why,
since you're basically
an upgraded knight.
Seems like a skill
you would know.
A knight. Wait.
[gasps]
I've got to go look something
up. I'll be back in a second.
Okay. Since I skipped
over being a knight,
I missed out on riding
and other basic skills.
But something called the
Amulet of the Equestrian Tribe
oughtta let me learn how.
Luckily it's an item
that can be purchased.
Wonder how much
that'll cost me.
A hundred Gs! Mm...
[RAY] I've gotta find a way
to start earning serious lir.
What about going to the arena?
You can fight without
worrying about dying,
and there's prize money.
Yeah, I would, but
the only problem is
you have to be at least
level 51 to participate.
I know! I'll place
bets on the fights!
Gambling, huh?
Remind me again how we
ended up near broke.
Yeah, yeah. You're not wrong.
[REBECCA]
I did what you asked!
[BANDIT A grunts]
So you brought the money.
I managed to scrape
enough together!
Now please, give me
back my brother!
Man. You're dumber
than I thought.
That's the boss's
dinner you know?
And you... you're
gonna be our dinner!
These are the most generic
scumbags I've ever seen.
What do we do?
You don't even need to read
my mind to know the answer.
‐‐Stop right there!
‐‐[HUGO] Stop right there!
[RAY] These things
make my voice echo?
[HUGO] Vile rapscallions!
I'll tell you only once.
Unhand the gentle
lady you fiends!
Sir, you have to help me!
Ha. But of course.
Even the fairest
flowers have thorns,
and when scoundrels
threaten ladies...
That's when I appear.
The rose's thorn!
[grunting]
Who in the hell are you?
All you need to know
is my level is 126.
What? You're lying!
Very well. A display then.
‐‐[BANDIT E] Charge him, boys!
‐‐[BANDIT D] Take him down!
What? Hold up! I gotta
get out my Magingear!
[thuds]
We'll handle the rest, miss.
Thank you for all your help!
Huh? How did...?
I thought this guy said his
level was over a hundred!
Who's up next?
You shoulda kept walking!
[gasps]
[BANDIT A yelling]
[BANDIT A groaning]
Um. That's cool.
Nemesis, was that you?
Don't look at me.
That's right! I forgot
the Miasmaflame Bracers also
boost my strength stat by 100%!
Oh, crap.
[groaning]
What a relief. He's alive.
Now then...
[BANDITS gasping]
[RAY]
Which of you is next?
You'll pay! Her little
brother just got moved
to the head of the line
for the chopping block!
[RAY]
First Heal!
[HUGO exhales]
Are you all right?
Thanks to you.
Your ears.
[RAY grunts]
What about 'em?
Nothing. I like your style.
If you want your own pair,
be on the lookout for a penguin.
Heh. I'll keep that in mind.
Hugo Lesseps, Master
and High Driver.
It's a pleasure to make
your acquaintance.
You can call me Ray Starling.
Master and Paladin.
And by my side is
my Embryo, Nemesis.
I see. It's a rare occasion
to meet a Maiden type.
If I may say, and rarer to
find one as beautiful.
Yeah.
Sorry, but with a level
as high as yours,
how did those jerks get
the better of you?
A quirk of my job, I'm afraid.
My physical stats
don't increase by much,
but it's worth the trade.
Trust me!
[REBECCA]
Uh. Um, excuse me.
I wanted to thank you
again for what you did.
There's no need. I couldn't
stand by doing nothing.
[REBECCA] Forgive me,
but I've a favor ask
seeing how the two of you
are Masters. Save him.
I beg you, please save
my younger brother!
Miss, there's no
need to bow to us.
Save him from the bandits
we fought earlier?
They took him. The Gouz‐Maise
Gang kidnaps children.
The worst part is if the ransom
they demand isn't paid,
the poor kids are murdered,
then... eaten.
[gasps]
You have to stop them!
If you save my brother,
then all this money is yours!
It's not much,
but I can get more!
I'll do it for free. You don't
have to worry about a thing.
You on board, Hugo?
Yes. Naturally.
I'm in your debt.
Thank you, sirs.
[HUGO] Milady. Allow me
to wipe your tears.
There's no need for them.
When the sun rises tomorrow,
you will greet the day smiling.
This I swear to you.
[HUGO grunts]
[CYCO]
Sorry for the wait, Hugo.
[RAY]
She took them all down.
Huh?
[RAY]
She has a crest.
Whoever this girl is,
she's a Master, too.
Way to manage the threat, Cyco.
[CYCO] If they were a threat,
I'd be flattered.
I interrogated them and found
out where they're holing up.
The rest of their gang is over
at the Cruella Mountain Belt.
[CYCO]
So the chivalrous Hugo
has befriended a
loli and her lover?
[BOTH]
Loli‐lover?
Short, flat‐chested.
Deny it all you want,
but you have all the
hallmarks of a Loli.
And as far as dog boy goes,
why else would she
be serving you if you
weren't loli‐obsessed.
Oh, what do you know? Just FYI,
my form and design are based on
universal beauty, not a fetish!
[CYCO] If a Master of an
Embryo views those traits as
universal beauty, they're
obviously a Loli‐lover.
Could you stop saying that?!
That's it!
Experience my wrath!
Bring it on.
[BOTH grunting]
[RAY] Ah. So who's the
monotone girl in the fur hat?
Cyco. She's my...
She's a party member.
Her tongue's sharp,
but she's reliable.
[RAY]
Wait. What did we miss?
[NAVIGATOR] Quest activated.
Rescue Roddy Lancarse.
Difficulty level eight.
Well, Ray. Ready?
Our mission awaits!
You know it! Right!
Let's go save her brother!
[HUGO]
This spot will do fine.
[HUGO grunts]
What is this?
Machinery?
[gasps]
Hugo, are you a...
[HUGO] Ray, what's the reason
you agreed to this quest?
Is it because you're a
Paladin of the Kingdom?
Or because you're a man
who lives by his own code?
I agreed because letting the kid
die wouldn't sit well with me.
Position never entered into it.
[HUGO]
Exactly how I feel.
[HUGO] Magingear, the main
weapon of the Dryfe Imperium.
A mecha...
I'm a humble knight.
When a lady asks that I
fight for her, I fight.
That's our way, isn't it,
my brother‐in‐arms?
Yeah.
Demi‐Dragon‐rank
Magingear, Marshal II!
Forward!
[NEMESIS] Should we rush
the place all at once?
[RAY] They might start executing
hostages if we do.
[HUGO]
I may have a suggestion.
Let's hear it then.
[HUGO] Like I said earlier,
this is Dryfe weaponry.
It pains me to say but
my nation has no reason
to save the Kingdom's children.
[RAY]
I think I follow you.
[HUGO]
If I attacked the fort alone,
I doubt they'd use
the children against me.
It'd be a waste of hostages
on a foe with zero interest.
And they'd be losing money.
Plus, I can lure all of them
out after they counter‐attack.
That's when you sneak into
the fort and rescue everyone.
Count on me.
[HUGO] I'll use my
Smoke Discharger to cloud
their vision. You'll be able to
move within the smoke fine.
Cyco, use Enemy Detect.
Oui. Ma... m'sieur.
[HUGO] Remember, this hinges
on speed and precision.
When children's lives are at
stake, failure is not an option.
One more thing.
You're a Maiden Master
like me, aren't you?
[RAY]
Why do you ask?
[HUGO]
It may sound strange,
but Masters with our type
have something in common.
And what's that?
According to a friend of mine,
we're not like the rest.
Infinite Dendrogram's a game
to them, but for us it's real.
Don't be ridiculous.
Of course I know it's a game!
[HUGO] My acquaintance
said the same thing.
However, deep inside, I knew
they didn't believe it.
Which is why...
Why what?
[HUGO] Never mind.
Forgive my ramblings.
We should be preparing
for the attack.
Oh, and Ray. It's not
a crime to kill tians
as long as they're criminals,
or if it's in self‐defense.
Remember that.
‐‐I'll try to.
‐‐[horse whinnies]
Master, look.
[RAY] They must've kidnapped
even more kids.
Okay, I can hear them talking.
"Once we get back to the fort.
Kill the brats. It's payback
for arresting our buddies."
[HUGO] Appears there'll
be no stay of execution.
Commence with the plan!
‐‐[RAY, NEMESIS] Understood!
‐‐[CYCO] Got it, sir!
[BANDIT F]
We're under attack!
[HUGO]
Releasing Smoke Discharger!
[BANDITS yelling]
All right. That's our cue!
Shifting form!
[RAY]
We're comin' for ya, kids!
[NEMESIS]
Master.
[RAY]
Yeah.
The Tomb Labyrinth had the same
kind of rotten stench to it.
[ZOMBIE CHILDREN moaning]
[RAY gasps]
What did those
bastards do to them?
[NEMESIS]
I can't believe it.
Murdering children, then
bringing them back to life.
[RAY]
Are you gonna be okay?
[NEMESIS]
It's not that I'm scared.
No. I'm seething with fury!
You and me both.
Tell me, Nemesis,
do you know what happens to
the undead after they're killed?
[NEMESIS] I'm not sure.
But ending their suffering
is the most merciful thing
we can do for them now.
[RAY]
Yeah.
I was too late.
[ZOMBIE CHILDREN screaming]
[NAVIGATOR]
Congratulations.
You've successfully eliminated
over 100 Undead
at the appropriate level,
meeting the necessary kill
count and conditions
for the Paladin job.
You've now unlocked the
skill Purifying Silverlight.
[CHILDREN]
Thank you.
[gasps]
[NEMESIS]
Master.
[RAY]
What I'm feeling...
Is this what Hugo meant?
The sensation he was
trying to tell me about?
[NEMESIS] Indeed.
If the Master of a Maiden
truly believes that Infinite
Dendrogram is more than a game
and every tian has awareness,
the same as the human players,
then each life feels
precious to them.
All too real, and no
different from their own.
[RAY] All too real.
You're probably right.
[NEMESIS] It must be painful for
you here. In a place where lives
are lost far more easily
than in your own world.
[RAY]
Yes, it is.
Rather than having to
experience those feelings
over and over again,
there must have been countless
players who couldn't bear it
and left this world for good.
But not me. Not yet.
I'm far from being broken.
I'm not going anywhere till I
rescue the surviving children.
And I don't intend on
breaking my promise.
But above all...
I'm gonna find the bastards
responsible if it means
tearing apart this
entire dungeon!
Let's get 'em, Nemesis!
[NEMESIS]
Right!
[MAISE grunts]
Uninvited guests.
Gouz can handle the Master
on the surface level.
Meanwhile, I'll prepare
a welcome ceremony
for our other intruder.
[CYCO] Why didn't you just
use your Embryo's skills?
Could've made it
easier on yourself.
You know why.
We have to wait until
our plan is underway,
and only then can I unleash it.
[CYCO]
Stubborn.
So I've been told.
Damn, that cannon blast hurt.
It's kinda hot, too!
[HUGO] He's a giant. Nothing
like the others I fought.
[HUGO] Am I correct in
assuming you're the leader
of the Gouz‐ Maise Gang?
Almost. I'm one of its
two great leaders.
The name's Gouz,
the Strong Gladiator.
Kids taste great,
but I won't pass up the bitter
flavor of a lowlife adult.
I wasn't aware. Seeing
how I'm not a cannibal
[GOUZ chuckles]
Just look atcha, all busted up.
You can't win against me
in that broken pile of junk!
[GOUZ yelling]
[HUGO gasps]
[GOUZ]
Not gonna work!
I misjudged him.
[coughs]
[panting]
[CYCO] You want to use
the skill now, Hugo?
[HUGO] Should I go through
with it, or keep holding back?
The way things are going,
I won't be able to defeat him.
But if I pull the trigger now...
No. Now's not the time.
I'd screw with our plan.
Maybe I should run away to
avoid the penalty for dying.
[GOUZ] You don't mind if I
break for a snack, do ya?
Just a little pick‐me‐up.
[HUGO gasping]
[GOUZ]
Now them's good eatin's‐‐
though I could go for something
with more sustenance.
[grunts]
[CYCO]
Hugo, should we use the skill?
Why even ask?
You know my answer.
Gouz!
I thought you fell asleep
standin' there.
[HUGO]
You're right.
I don't know how long
I've been asleep,
but if not for you I
may've never woken up.
So many excuses.
"We can't use the skill because
what about the plan?"
"I'll run away to avoid dying."
I don't know who that was,
but it wasn't me.
I am the thorn on the rose,
Hugo Lesseps.
A knight who would
never put his ambitions
before someone else's life.
Allow me to convey this in
the clearest possible terms.
I hereby declare...
you shall not be forgiven!
[GOUZ]
That's rich!
Pretty big words
coming from a Master
who treats my world
like it's just a game!
[HUGO] For the sin of killing
too many people to count,
I will send you to
the bowels of hell.
May you rot there forever
and justice be done!
Then stop talkin'
and do it already!
Now! It's time!
[HUGO]
Crest Disguise. Deactivate!
[GOUZ]
What the...?
Cocytus!
As you wish, Master.
[HUGO]
This is my Embryo's true form.
Type Maiden Chariot...
[HUGO]
Cocytus!
[GOUZ] Stop showing off
and fight me like a man!
[HUGO] La Porte de l'enfer!
Abandon all hope...
...ye who enter!
[GOUZ yells]
[RAY panting]
Made it in time.
[NEMESIS]
Master.
[NEMESIS] Is this some
kind of experiment?
I'm not gonna wait to find out!
[MAISE]
Die.
[RAY]
"Beyond the Radix Point."